_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
description: Univeristy of California at Santa Cruz 

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---
***
####  Education 
- Ph.D. University of Waterloo, ON, Canada
	- Advisor: Professor [Steven Waslander](https://www.trailab.utias.utoronto.ca/stevenwaslander) 
- MASc. University of Waterloo, ON, Canada
	- Advisor: Professor [Christopher Nielson](https://ece.uwaterloo.ca/~cnielsen/) 
- B.E. National University of Science and Technologies, Pakistan
	- Advisor: Professor [Saeed-Ur-Rehman](https://www.case.edu.pk/FacultyPortal/DetailInfo.aspx?id=mEzZBKPOkXLjMUDj1TaO%2FQ%3D%3D) 	
	
***

####  Postdoctoral Research Scientist 
- University of California at Santa Cruz, CA, USA
- University of Toronto, ON, Canada
- Queens University, ON, Canada
- York University, ON, Canada

***

Currently, I am a postdoctoral research scientist at the [Basking School of Electrical and Computer Engineering](https://engineering.ucsc.edu/)  at the [University of California at Santa Cruz](https://www.ucsc.edu/). I am working under the supervision of Professor [Ricardo Sanfelice](https://hybrid.soe.ucsc.edu/)  at Hybrid System Laboratory [(HSL)](https://hybrid.soe.ucsc.edu/). 

Before joining the University of California, I held a postdoctoral research position at the University of Toronto, cross-appointed at the Department of Mathematics and Statistics at Queens University, Canada, where I was fortunate enough to work under the supervision of Professor [Andrew Lewis](https://mast.queensu.ca/~andrew/). I also had a research position at SDCN, a state-of-art drone lab, at York University, Canada. 

I completed my Ph.D. from the [Department of Mechanical and Mechatronics Engineering](https://uwaterloo.ca/mechanical-mechatronics-engineering/)  under the supervision of Professor Steve Waslander at the [University of Watelroo](https://uwaterloo.ca/), ON., Canada in the area of aerial robotics and controls. Before that, I was in the [Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering](https://uwaterloo.ca/electrical-computer-engineering/) at the [University of Waterloo](https://uwaterloo.ca/), where I completed my MAsc degree in the area of controls and robotics. I earned a Bachelor of Engineering (BE) degree in Mechatronics Engineering at the National University of Science and Technology [(NUST)](https://nust.edu.pk/). 

***

####  Research Interests
- Mobile Robotics
- Nonlinear Systems
- Geometric Controls
- Hybrid Systems


***

Commit message:

adding new detials about NJIT joining and open PHD positions

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
description: Assistant Professor, Mechanical and Industrial Eng, New Jersey Institute of Technology (NJIT) 

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---
***

####  Education 

- Ph.D. University of Waterloo, ON, Canada
- MASc. University of Waterloo, ON, Canada
- B.E. National University of Science and Technologies, Pakistan	

***

I am currently serving as an Assistant Professor in the [Department of Mechanical & Industrial Engineering](https://mie.njit.edu/) at the New Jersey Institute of Technology [(NJIT)](https://www.njit.edu/), located in NJ, USA.

I hold a Ph.D. from the [Department of Mechanical and Mechatronics Engineering](https://uwaterloo.ca/mechanical-mechatronics-engineering/) at the [University of Waterloo](https://uwaterloo.ca/) in Ontario, Canada, specializing in the exciting field of aerial robotics and controls. Prior to that, I pursued my MASc degree in the [Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering](https://uwaterloo.ca/electrical-computer-engineering/) at the same esteemed university, focusing on controls and robotics. My academic journey began with a Bachelor of Engineering (BE) degree in Mechatronics Engineering from the National University of Science and Technology [(NUST)](https://nust.edu.pk/).

Before joining NJIT, I gained valuable experience as a postdoctoral research scientist at the [University of California at Santa Cruz](https://www.ucsc.edu/) and [KAUST](https://www.kaust.edu.sa/en/). My postdoctoral research journey also included a position at the University of Toronto, with a cross-appointment at the Department of Mathematics and Statistics at Queens University in Canada, where I had the privilege of working under the guidance of Professor [Andrew Lewis](https://mast.queensu.ca/~andrew/). Additionally, I was part of SDCN, a state-of-the-art drone lab at York University, Canada.

------



####  Open PhD positions

🌟 **Exciting Opportunity for PhD Students in Controls and Robotics!** 🌟

I am thrilled to announce the opening of positions for 1-2 PhD students to join my newly established lab at NJIT! 🚀 If you have a passion for nonlinear, geometric, and hybrid controls, and are eager to explore their applications in robotics and drones, this could be the perfect opportunity for you!

To apply, simply submit your application to NJIT MIE department. Additionally, feel free to reach out to me via email at *adeel.uwaterloo [at] gmail [dot] com* to express your interest or ask any questions.

***

####  Research Interests
- Mobile Robotics
- Nonlinear Systems
- Geometric Controls
- Hybrid Systems


***
